Q1. Which is the coldest location in the earth?
Q2. Which is the highest peak in India?
Q3. The second highest peak in India?
Q4. Which is the continent with the most number of countries?
Q5. Which is the country with the most people?
Q6. Which is the fastest animal on land?
Q7. Which is the first biosphere reserve in India?
Q8. Which is the first element on the periodic table of elements?
Q9. Which is the largest state of India?
Q10. Which is the hardest substance available on earth?
Q11. The national river of India?
Q12. Which is the hottest continent on Earth?
Q13. Which is the national fruit of India?
Q14. Which is the national flower of India?
Q15. Which is the instrument used to measure blood pressure?
Q16. Which is the largest 'Democracy' country in the world?
Q17. Which animal is known as the 'Ship of the Desert"?
Q18. Which is the largest animal in the world?
Q19. Which is the largest bone in the human body?
Q20. Which animal is known as the king of the jungle? 
Q21. Name the National bird of India?
Q22. Which is the largest continent in the world?
Q23. Which is the largest country in the world (By area)?
Q24. Who is known as the Father of the Indian Constitution?
Q25. Which is the national tree of India?
Q26. Which is the largest freshwater lake in India?
Q27. Which is the largest ocean in the world?
Q28. Who is known as the Father of the Nation?
Q29. Which countries are separated by the Radcliffe Line?
Q30. Which is the largest plateau in the world?
Q31. Which is the longest river in India?
Q32. Where does the Narmada river originate from?
Q33. What is the imaginary line that divides India into almost two parts known as?
Q34. Which is the longest river in the world?
Q35. Which is the most common non-contagious disease in the world?
Q36. Which is the most sensitive organ in our body?

Q37. Which is the most widely spoken native and non-native language in the world?
Q38. Which is the most widely spoken native language in the world?
Q39. Which is the nearest star to the earth?
Q40. Which is the principal source of energy for earth?
Q41. Which is the capital of India?
Q42. How many stars are on the national flag of USA?
Q43. Question: When did World War II end?
Q44. Question: How long did Queen Victoria reign?
Q45. Question: Taj Mahal constructed as a tomb of the wife of which Mughal Emperor?
Q46. Question: According to Greek mythology, who is considered the Goddess of Agriculture?
Q47. Question: Who is the youngest president of the United States of America?
Q48. Question: Who is the first female Prime Minister of Australia?
Q49. Question: In which year was Joan of Arc burnt at stake?
Q50. Question: In which year was America declared independent from England?
Q51. Question: Which president has been given credit for abolishing slavery in the USA?
Q52. Name of the first Atomic Submarine of India?
Q53. Name of the first election commissioner of India?
Q54. Name of the first university of India?
Q55. Where is India's First nuclear centre?
Q56. Name of first foreign recipient of Bharat Ratna?
Q57. Where was the first Post Office opened in India?
Q58. The moon has no atmosphere because -
Q59. The theory of inheritance of acquired characters was propounded by -
Q60. The escape velocity of a rocket fired from the earth towards the moon is the velocity to get rid of the -
Q61. The purest form of water can be obtained from -
Q62. Which of the following is the application of sciences such as physics, chemistry, biology, computer science, and engineering to matters of law and to the Identification of various facts of civilian investigation?
Q63. The working of a rocket is based on the principle of -
Q64. Which of the following is India's first intranasal vaccine against Covid infection?
Q65. Mud Crab Reovirus (MCRV), has been recently found in which state/UT?
Q66. India's first RT-PCR kit to detect the Omicron variant, named 'Omisure' is developed by which company?
Q67. "Veer Baal Diwas" is associated with which religion?
Q68. Who is the head of the Supreme Court appointed Inquiry Committee to probe Prime Minister security breach?
Q69. Darvaza gas crater, also known as the 'Gateway to Hell', is located in which country?
Q70: Which state/UT played host to the '25th National Youth Festival' in 2022?
Q71: Kumbalangi, India's first-ever sanitary napkin-free village, is located in which state?
Q72: Which country has developed Tu-160M / White Swan Bomber?
Q73: Who is the head of the Working group set up to strengthen television rating point (TRP) services?
Q74: Which Indian city hosts the 'Fourth Bangladesh Film Festival' in 2022?
Q75: 'National Unity Day or Rashtriya Ekta Diwas' is observed to commemorate the birth anniversary of which leader?
Q76: As per an EXIM bank report, India has become a major exporter of Defence products of which region?
Q77: As per the UN-FAO joint report, eight million people of which country is at the risk of hunger?
Q78: Who is the head of the panel set up to strengthen the assessment and accreditation of higher educational institutions?
Q79: Which is the most powerful rocket ever launched from the Earth, as of November 2022?
Q80:  Which Indian armed force has registered 'Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)' of its new camouflage pattern uniform?
Q81: How many Indian women are featured in the Forbes 'Asia's Power Businesswomen' list?
Q82: When is the 'National Legal Services Day' observed in India?
Q83: When was the state of Uttarakhand created from Uttar Pradesh?
Q84: What is India's GDP growth rate for the FY20, as estimated by the World Bank?
Q85: Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) recently partnered with which Power based company to install Air Quality Monitoring Stations?
Q86: What is the interest rate on deposits as announced by the Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) for the current financial year (2019-20)?
Q87: Coal India has partnered with which other PSU to form a Joint Venture Company, to develop green power?
Q88: Which Indian was presented the 'Ayurveda Ratan' award at the All-Party Parliament Group on Traditional Medicines, at the European Parliament in Brussels?
Q89: 'Women Transforming India Awards (WTI)' is instituted by which organisation?
Q90: Which debutant film-maker has been selected for the Gollapudi Srinivas National Award 2019, along with Aditya Dhar?
Q91: Who has been appointed as the Ambassador and Permanent Representative of India to World Trade Organisation?
Q92: Who has been presented the Life Time Excellence Award of Ministry of Earth Sciences National Awards?
Q93: Which company has been recently conferred with the Global Water Award?
Q94: What is the name of the new Blockchain-based payment platform of the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI)?
Q95: The Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) which recently discovered a new habitable exoplanet, belongs to which space agency?
Q96: Researchers of which organization have developed Diagnostic therapy drug candidate for lung cancer?
Q97: When is the 'National Girl Child Day' celebrated annually in India?
Q98: Which city plays host to the first cultural festival called 'Jerusalem-Mumbai Festival'?
Q99: The traditional festival called 'Fagli' is celebrated in which Indian state?
100: The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) has signed a licensing agreement with which global operator of exchanges and clearing houses? 


Sports
Q1. The terms Volley, Smash, Service are related to which among the following sports?
Q2: Which among the following tournament is also known as World Team Championships for Women?
Q3: How many number of Red Balls are in Snooker? 
Q4: Which Commonwealth Games were hosted in India?
Q5: Which of the following are the official languages of the Olympic Charter?
Q6: Which Indian woman wrestler won a bronze in the Rio Olympics?
Q7. Which of the following is not a major source of revenue for the Olympic Movement?
Q8.Where are the headquarters of International World Games Association?
Q9. After a gap of how many years is the World Shooting Championships held?
10.Which teams played the first Test Match and when?
11.Which is the governing body Chess in the world?
12.What defines the structure and authority of the Olympic Movement?
13.Where are the headquarters of the Court of Arbitration for Sport located?
14.After whose name is the domestic cricket championship Ranji Trophy named?
15.What is the motto of Olympic Council of Asia?
16.Which of the following were the participants of the famous "Black Power Salute" in the 1968 Summer Olympics, Mexico City?
17.Which was the target country of the infamous "Munich massacre" in the 1972 Summer Olympics, Munich?
18.In which year, the first Paralympic Games was held?
19.Which country will host the 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games?
20.Which country tops the "All-time Asian Games Medal table"?
21.Which sport's professional league tournament is "Liiga"?
22.Who was awarded the "best young player" in the 2018 FIFA Football World Cup?
23.Who was awarded the "best player" in the 2019 FIFA Women's Football World Cup?
24.How many "Grand Slam" tennis tournaments are there at present?
25.Who was "Harry Hopman"?
26.Which of the following are the all-time record holders for the most number of Olympic medals in tennis?
27.What is Valiyaveetil Diju famous for?
28.Who won the gold medal in women's singles in the 2019 BWF World Championships?
29.Which of the following won the gold medal in badminton mixed doubles in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
30.Which country's basketball governing body is the "Hellenic Basketball Federation"?
31.Which sport's competition is known as the "FIBA Americas League"?
32.Which country ranks first in the FIBA Basketball Men's World Ranking?
33.Which countries will jointly host the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup?
34.Which country became the runners-up of the 2018 FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup?
35.What is Pooja Sahasrabudhe famous for?
36.Which country won the gold medal in table tennis women's team at the 2018 Commonwealth Games?
37.Which sport's competition is known as the "Walker Cup"?
38.Which sport's competition organization format is "Shotgun Start"?
39.What is the "Royal Birkdale Club" famous for?
40.Which boxing punch is in which a punch is thrown from the rear hand has a looping circular are as it is thrown over the shoulder with the palm facing away from the boxer?
41.Which boxing punch style is a semi-circular punch thrown, with the lead hand to the side of the opponent's head?
42.Who is the only boxer (male or female) to win eight World Championship medals?
43.Which is the international governing body for the sport of amateur wrestling?
44.Which sport's traditional form is "Malla-yuddha"?
45.Which wrestler is known as the "Russian Bear", "Russian King Kong"?
46.Which sport's competition techniques are "snatch", "clean and jerk"?
47.Who won the gold medal in men's individual archery at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
48.Identify the Volleyball serve type. "A serve in which the player strikes the ball below the waist instead of tossing it up and striking it with an overhand throwing motion"?
49.Which sport's competition is known as the "Polish Superliga"?
50.The "Handbollsligan" is the highest handball league of which country?

Science
1. What does DNA stand for?
2. How many bones are in the human body?
3. The concept of gravity was discovered by which famous physicist?
4. What is the hardest natural substance on Earth?
5. Which is the main gas that makes up the Earth's atmosphere?
6. Humans and chimpanzees share roughly how much DNA?
7. What is the most abundant gas in the Earth's atmosphere?
8. Roughly how long does it take for the sun's light to reach Earth - 8 minutes, 8 hours or 8 days?
9. Which famous British physicist wrote A Brief History of Time?
10. At what temperature are Celsius and Fahrenheit equal?
11. What modern-day country was Marie Curie born in?
12. What is the biggest planet in our solar system?
13. What name is given for the number of protons found in the nucleus of an atom?
14. How many vertebrae does the average human possess?
15. What was the name of the first man-made satellite launched by the Soviet Union in 1957?
16. Which oath of ethics taken by doctors is named after an Ancient Greek physician?
17. What is a material that will not carry an electrical charge called?
18. Which Apollo moon mission was the first to carry a lunar rover?
19. How many teeth does an adult human have?
20. What is the study of mushrooms called?
21. How many brains and how many hearts does an octopus have?
22. What is the only letter not to appear on the periodic table?
23. What is the fastest land animal in the world?
24. What is the only even prime number?
25. What do the letters in the word laser stand for?
26. What is the perimeter of a circle called?
27. Sound travels faster in air than in water: true or false?
28. Which of the world's oceans in the deepest?
29. What was the name of the first artificial satellite to enter space?
30. Who is credited with the creation of the World Wide Web?
31. Lightning hotter than the surface of the sun: true or false?
32. Where in the human body can the smallest bone be found?
33. How many bones do sharks have?
34. What is sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia the scientific term for?
35. What does USB stand for?
36. What is the largest desert on Earth?
37. In which year were the first collisions achieved in the Large Hadron Collider?
38. What is the heaviest organ in the human body?
39. What is the rarest blood type in humans?
40. In which year was Pluto reclassified as a Dwarf Planet?
41. What is the biggest animal in the world?
42. What is the only active volcano on mainland Europe called?
43. What is desquamation the scientific term for?
44. How many days on Earth does it take for Venus to rotate once on its axis?
45. How many states of matter are there?
46. What does a Geiger Counter measure?
47. What are natural satellites colloquially known as?
48. In which year did the Apollo 13 space mission take place?
49. What metal is the best conductor of electricity?
50. What was the first vaccine to be developed against a contagious disease?








